W-14476576 DC sync not req duke (includes W-14476577,  W-14476579,  W-14776338) (#263)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-open-packaged-sources.adoc

//
// tag::load-sharable-jar[]
//variable used in multiple places on this page:

> . Provide this command:

Reviewer: Asking for my own education.... Can we now use "this"? I seem to recall in the era of Kim we couldn't. I wasn't able to find anything in the style guide.

Author: I had started using it because we're becoming less formal in tone and more friendly, but I think other steps might not use "this," so for consistency, I'll change it.

Author: done

Author: adjusted to "the following"

> . Provide this command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Provide the following command:
```

* In the desktop IDE, select *View* > *Command Palette*. 
* In the cloud IDE, click the image:icon-menu.png["",18,18] (menu) icon, and select *View* > *Command Palette*.
====
.. Provide this command:
+
[source,command]
----
File: Open Folder...
----
.. Navigate to and select the _root_ folder for your project, for example: 
+
[tabs]
====
Integration or Implementation Example::
+
--

> Example of a root directory for an integration or implementation project in Anypoint Code Builder: 

Author: ```suggestion
Example of a root folder and subdirectories of an integration or implementation project in Anypoint Code Builder: 
```

> image::int-open-root.png["Project folder for an integration or implementation project"]

Reviewer: The graphic shows the "my-project-example.xml" _file_ selected, but the step on line 155 says to "Navigate to and select the root _folder_ for your project..."

I wonder if the discrepancy between the graphic showing a selected file and the step saying to select a folder -- will this confuse anyone? Maybe not, but it might be worth considering.

Author: I'll change the text to clarify that it's the folder containing the directories and file you see there.

Author: done

VS Code treats the root as a workspace, which enables the IDE to load the canvas UI properly.
--
Design Project Example::
+
--
Example of the root directory for an API design project in Anypoint Code Builder: 

> image::int-open-root-design.png["Project folder for a design project"]

Reviewer: This image ref is broken in all locations when I build locally.

Author: thx, I'll fix

Author: done

--
====
+

> The root is the top-level folder that Anypoint Code Builder generates when you create a project. Do not navigate to the project's parent or ancestor directory or to one of its child or descendant directories.

Reviewer: This confused me a little. It mentions that "root" is top-level, but then mentions it has an "ancestor directory". In my mind top-level means there are no ancestors. I wonder if this might confuse a newbie customer?

Obviously not a big deal, please feel free to disregard.

Author: I'm good to change the terminology if this could be confusing. It's about the root of the project (vs. the root of the directory system). Projects can be nested under another directory. Do you have any suggestions?
@chris-campbell9

Author: done

> The root is the top-level folder that Anypoint Code Builder generates when you create a project. Do not navigate to the project's parent or ancestor directory or to one of its child or descendant directories.

Author: ```suggestion
The root of a project is the top-level folder that Anypoint Code Builder generates when you create a project. Do not navigate to the project root's parent or ancestor directory or to one of its child or descendant directories.
```
